Mailboxes are exploding! Why, you ask?
Attention people.
You do things because you can and want (desire) to
If the government controls what you want to do, they control what you
can do.
If you are under the impression that dead exists, and you fear it, you do
anything to avoid it. (This is the same way pain operates. Naturally we strive
to avoid negative nemotion/pain.)
You allow yourself to fear death!
World authorities allowed, and still allow you to fear death!
In avoiding death you are forced to conform, if you fail to conform, you
suffer mentally and physically. (Are world powers utilizing the natural
survival instinct in a way that allows them to capitalize on the people?)
To "live" (avoid death) in this society you are forced to conform/slave
away,
I'm here to help you realize/ understand that you will live no matter what!
It is up to you people to open your hearts and minds. There is no such thing
as death. The people I've dismissed from this reality are not at all dead.
Conforming to the boundaries, and restrictions imposed by the government
only reduces the substance in your lives. When 1 per cent of the nation
controls 99 per cent of the nations total wealth, is it a wonder why there are
control problems?
The United States strives to provide freedom for their people. Do we really
have personal freedom? I've lived here for many years, and I see much
limitation. Does the definition of freedom include limitation? I've learned
about the history of various civilizations in history, and I see more and more
limitation. Do you people enjoy this trend of limitation? If not, change it!
As long as you are uninformed about death you will continue to say "how
high", when the government tells you to "jump". As long as the government
is uninformed about death, or are they pretending?
You have been missing how things are, for very long. I'm obtaining you
attention in the only way I can. More info is on its way. More "attention
getters" are on the way. If I could, I would change only one person,
unfortunately the resources are not accessible. It seems killing a single
famous person would get the same media attention as killing numerous
un-famous humans. There is less risk of being detained, associated with
dismissing certain people.
Sincerely,
Someone Who Cares
PS. More info. will be delivered to various locations around the country.
