Dear Mr. Kennedy:

I have no desire to harm an Irishman, and certainly not a Kennedy, or to work against the U.S.A., which I love so dearly. But, I do not intend to have my identity taken from me, nor my life, my freedom, or my money I'm entitled to.

Knowing how persons with immense power are frequently forced to hire others, blank check style, to get important jobs done, I do not hold what happened to me, against you. I am quite ruthless, myself. However, I won't stand still for the perpetuation of the error, by those inimical to us both.

From the beginning, I would have been on your team, and I have every reason to believe it would have been your desire, also, if you had not been denied the truth.

First, I am one of America's "best known and beloved women," highly respectable, of high status locally, and internationally, even without money, and in brown skin.

I have more power than you, even now, although penniless, jobless, and living on the charity of friends and relatives, with D.C. claiming "a question of my identity and citizenship." And, even after fraudulent imprisonment by some communist controlled lower echelon, far removed and unknown to you.

It pains me to see JFK suffer and stand helplessly by, while our way of life is eroded away, when he is so talented, full of heart, and patriotism. I was born and reared as English and Irish, and understand his feelings quite well. But, I will sacrifice him, the whole Kennedy clan, and every man, woman and child on U.S. soil, before I'll give an inch in exercising my Divine rights. You should not with it otherwise, coming from the same European roots as I.

I am not a Negro, I am just brown. They hate me and have tried to kill me all my life. But, I am better able to use them against you, than you are, against me.

Before writing this letter, I have laid the necessary groundwork to battle you or to join you, whichever you choose. I would prefer to join you, but not in sacrifcing myself, my person, my freedom, my identity, or any money or entitlements accrueing to me by birth. Since you like power, I'd suggest you join forces with me, and throw the weight of the Kennedy name behind me, not against me. I, as Kaiserine to all Germans, and descendant of Catherine the Great to all Russians, with entire underworld and law enforcement cooperation and protection, Queen Elizabeth just becomes a mere Scottish lass and the British throne a decayed item that should have been destroyed like the British Empire, long ago.

As Umberto will tell you, the House of Savoy considers it (the British throne) negligible, as does Catherine of Aragon's heirs, such as I.

I ask nothing but the right to earn my own living, in freedom, and to direct and control my own life and affairs, myself. Otherwise, you have my entire cooperation & loyalty. Please have JFK open the doors to the Iron Curtain I've been placed behind, along with Freedom fighters from all over the world, who love and fight for and with me.

Faithfully yours,
