The biggest racket going on in Ohio is in the Transportation Department, and is the oldest game of all. That game is "Kiting" federal highway funds. The highway department is charging work to the Federal Government that the Federal Government is not responsible for. The federal funds thus secured are paying for projects in the state, counties and cities in which the federal high way programs are not supposed to participate. On some of the 50% - 50% participation prOjects of federal-state construction, the preliminary work is charged to 70% - 30% projects or 90% - 10% projects, and thus the Federal Bureau of Roads is being defrauded of federal funds.

We In the Department know these are illegal transactions, but we do not want to get fired. They swear us to secrecy. We know of the shakedown of contractors, suppliers, consultants, etc. going on under your noses with nothing happening to stop it. You had better move in before there is a taxpayer's suit in Federal
Court to protect the federal funds. Then you face will be red. The suit may be filed July 1, 1974.

Since it is common knowledge that the State Transportation Dept. is illegally "Kiting" federal funds the departiment is starting a secret investigation of its own this week. This is for a cover up and to make some person a fall guy. The Highway people in Ohio do not want the Federal Highway funds looked at too closely yet. They want to get their house in order.

For example, the Columbus Olentangy Freeway Federal-State project is paying for State Route 161 repairs etc.

In Cleveland presently the state is negotiating to purchase 13 acres from the City on the I-90 project west in Westlake. This is part of the City's filtration plant. The 13 acres does not disturb the filtration plant. The 13 acres is appraised at $260,000. This could be high. The state is also going to purchase from friends 16 acres from Rock-West Developing Co. for the price of $820,000 and turn the 16 acres over to the city. The city of Cleveland will never build on this. The property will be sold later. The state is thus de-frauding $560,000 of Federal matching funds on I-90.

Who is making the deal?

Who really owns the property?

Who gets the kickback?

In the highway districts of Cleveland, Youngstown, Toledo, Cincinnati, Akron, Canton, Columbus, Dayton etc. there is a payoff or kickback on every transaction. 

Property owners are told by the highway people what lawyers to employ. The lawyers kickback. Everyone kicksback. In some cases the highway dept. employs the same lawyers to represent the state. Every right-of-way purchase has a handle on it. Property in the right-of-way area is a racket.

In the Steubenville area they ransack the property and sell the fixtures inside the houses, when right-of-way land is acquired. This goes on other places. Part of the purchase price is federal funds. Some state employees make $50,000 a year selling fixtures and house parts.

In the U.S.30 Southern By-pass at Akron, illegal and irregular payments are being charged to federally funded projects.
	.
In Cincinnati (Across Town Highway) highway federal funds are finding their way into poverty programs. This is fraud and it goes on in other cities too. The Toledo Eastern By-Pass is a target too, for illegal use of federal highway funds.

In Youngstown, ANONYMISED was Gilligan's largest contributor. He owns Richley, Transportation Director. Every project should be looked into in the Youngstown area. This is Richley's back yard. Anything and everything goes for payoffs. Attorney Flask there is a relative of Richley. Watch Richley's relatives. Their hands are long and sticky.

All of the limited accesses where there are interchanges on interstate routes are being surrounded by commercial or shopping centers placed there. These developers all give payoffs. Local and state officials and developers are all involved. They are relocating people. They get kickbacks from real estate people. You can get a list by the requests they make to the Federal Bureau of Roads.

Ohio Highway people let persons live in houses that have been taken by the state for State-Federal projects. They par no rent, but kickback to the state highway personnel. They pay no taxes.
 
Payoffs are not always at the top. It's all up and down and has to be the worst kickback-payoff-fraud committing highway department in the nation.

Most of this extortion activity comes from new people employed in the last three years under Gilligan. They believe thgt money must pass hands to do business politically. The professional staff is mostly honest. But the new top dogs are just plain thieves.

The only way to root this out is to put in a large investigating force and talk to some of the professionals or old timers at home. They will unload the truth. They hate this corrupt procedure.

Richley is owned by ANONYMISED is supposed to have given Gilligan and Sirak in person, $150,000 in cash, which has never been reported. ANONYMISED  named Richley as Director. In Clermont County, Richley wants to spend state funds for a shopping center for DeBartolo. Federal funds will find their way into this.

Check where shopping centers or Commercial buildings have been placed by cutting in limited access. In this last year the highway agency is preparing to cut into the limited access for shopping centers and commercial building. This is strictly a payoff. The big payoff will be handled before they leave office next year, if somebody doesn't do something about it to stop it.

Contractors have no choice. Every purchaser, supplier, contractor, consultant, office equipment company, you name it-- the hungry extortionist, is busy at work. To date they have been untouched.
	1
We good employees cannot stand it much longer. You should investigate and talk to the people doing business with the state.

All things considered, the present Gilligan Administration has collected over $6 million in the past three years through just highway kickbacks. No taxes are paid on any of this. Without a doubt the Gilligan administration has more tax dodgers than all the rest of the State of Ohio. They are wealthy with hidden payoffs.

There is open fraud. The state is not getting all the materials it is buying.

State employees being paid in part with federal funds are being shaken down. There is out in the open shake-down of state employees on State-Federal projects by other state workers. They have over one hundred state employees collecting from state workers or people doing business with the state, and on state time.

Somebody better do something now before they cover up the fraud and bury the graft!
