The mort corrupt Highway or Transportation department in the United States has got to be the present one in Ohio. They have an in depth collection system by state employees on state time.

They "strong arm" all state and Federal employees with the threat of loss of position; loss of promotion opportunities, or transfer, if they fail to contribute, State employees are forced to contribute in order to get positions, to keep them or to get higher positions, all in violation of Civil Service laws. This is extortion. Part of the funds paying these employees comes from federal funds, which makes this practice even more corrupt.

The-chief collector in the Transportation.Department is John J. Fallon, carried on the payroll as Assistant to the Director for Administrative Affairs.(all state departments have a similar collector whose sole duty at state expense is to collect money for Gilligan).

The administration is so brazen about this practice that they have even put this list in convenient form so that all departments are aware of who the collectors are in other departments.

There is reason to believe that not all the money reaches any political fund, and that some of it is being kept by the collectors or higher ups. However, it is not being reported for tax purposes. This increases the net worth of these individuals and shows up also in household furnishings, automobiles and other increases in living standards, etc.
 
The funds are being solicited from employees under both state and federal Civil Setice, which is a violation of the law.

There has never been such apush for money in the history of Ohio. If you check some of the employees you will findthe system is working. This is the Gilligan system.

Fallon has his assistants in each division who also collect money and their names and the amounts they collect and from whom should be disclosed. They sell tickets and collect cash. They take very few checks, except from trusted contributors. The cash sometimes does not reach its fund, but is directed to the personal use of the collector or higher up, Jack Fallon or Dr. Sirak.

In the Transportationn Department, there are different collectors for various levels and locations. These are shown circled in red on "A" attached. The attached directory "B" further shows known collectors at lower levels. These names are also circled in red.

The chief money man in the Gilligan administration is Dr. Howard Sirak, Fallon gives the big cash to Sirak. Whatever he collects, Gilligan controls. Sirak handles all large contributions. Much of this money is hidden for private use and the money and expenses are not reported. Sirak works with Fallon in the Transportation Department. 

There is a statewide system of collectors in the Transportation Department, as pointed out before, and it applies to all contractors,consultants,appraisers,suppliers, and any and all other individuals or companies who want state business.(see Exhibit "C"). It makes no difference that federal funds are involved. They must contribute to And the collectors don't accept checks--cash with no receipts is the procedure.
 
Suppliers are told to raise their bids 3% as that must come off the top for the Gilligan officials. See example of "D" attached. To make matters worse, the contractor, appraiser, consultant or supplier is hit from several levels, state, district and county highway employees, whO are collectors. Everyone along the way has his hand in the pocket of the appraiser, supplier, contractor of consultant, The money is always cash, except for din ner tickets. Contractors, appraisers, consultants and suppliers, outside of state employees, are the bulk of the contributors to fund raising ticket events as can be seen from the Democrat committee report filed September 10, 1973, with the Secretary of State. Many of
these people deal with the Transportation Department. They are told if they don't buy tickets, they don't get state business. The report indicates that Gilligan owns lock, stock and barrel the Ohio Democrat Headquarters, and that for the first eight months of 1973 alone $817,690.22 was strong armed into Democrat Campaign Funds from employees and people doing business with the State. ThiS report also is a "cover up" to deceive the unknowledgeable reader. For instance, ANONYMISED is listed as a "stockbroker". In reality he sells road supplies to the Transportation Department through the firm of Baldwin-Sours.

Some of the collectors and their associates have received expensive gifts from people doing business with the State. This is income for services rendered, but goes unreported.

Not all the money goes into the political funds.

These practices should be investigated.

On attached list "E" shows Prequalified Contractors. Those marked with a red dot are the ones who get state business and who have had to contribute to Gilligan to get it. It is believed that much of the cash collected is not turned over to Gilligan and never reported. A complete audit of such areas will reveal this.

Another way to extort additional funds from suppliers of materials, to the Transportation Department has been devised. Purchasing is now done in the districts under the Division Engineer. Purchase Orders are still issued from the Central Office, but the District makes them up and sends them in for recommendation, so both levels get their hands in the pocket of the businessman before he gets any business.

Director Richley of the Transportation Department gets payoffs from two main sourses--two consulting engineering firms. They are E. S. Preston of Columbus, Ohio, and Dalton, Dalton and Little of Cleveland, Ohio. These contracts provide for no bids. It is a straight percentage deal of the amount of business they get. Some of it is kickback from federal funds. E. S. Preston has a racket at the Transportation Center on Route 33 north of Marysville, Ohio.

The surveys being run by Dalton, Dalton and Little are costing the state twice as much as they should.

Richley has received financial help from ANONYMISED of Youngstown, Ohio. Richley wants to run for public office and he is accepting cash on his own.

A newspaper article, attached as "F", in the Columbus Dispatch on Sept. 30, 1973, really pointed up the whole area of kickbacks, contribution, corruption, and cronyism. Another article, attached as "G", shows the extent of such corruption in the Department of Transportation and other areas.

There are 14,000 employees in the Transportation Department expected to average contributions of $100.00 each per year.