Dear Mr. Allen:

My name is Harry Garen, I live at 1802 Radondo Boulervard in Los Angeles. The reason I write to you, Mr. Allen, is because I have been informed by my doctor that I have exactly three weeks to live. In the next three to four weeks, I will die from the fatal disease cancer.

When I first heard the news I became very frightened. Frightened, not because I was going to die, but because of what I made of my life --- nothing. Nothing at all. So, I began to think, in my last few days what could I really do to make up for all my sins. Just what was it that I could do for someone or some people that would help me die in peace, knowing that something good was done.

Then, just the other day, I read a newspaper headline which was titled, "Communists Start Youth Movement". It was a story about the fifth column in this country, the poisonous Communist traitors who were attempting to dupe many of our kids, in order, of course, to destroy this country, which, naturally, is their main penchant.

Then the idea came to me on what I could do to help this country. The Communist movement in this nation is the most dangerous thing that is in this nation. The mammoth gall, the expanded abusiveness of the hate-mongers, who, because of what THEY think should be our way of life, Communism and not Americanim, are trying to overthrow this country in every way possible. In other words, they are trying to force what THEY think on 180 million people. The outrageous gall of these sick, mentally retarded turncoats, who have some morbid ideas that slavery is better than liberty; that lies are truth; that fraud is honesty; that tyranny is freedom; that deceit, trickery and subterfuge is virtuous thinking; ect., and the rest of the Communist ways, because of what they believe; ary attempting to ruin everything that has been built for this country for the past three centuries.

When that happens, as corny as it seems, I get mad, real mad for a guy named Washington. I get mad for a guy named Licoln. I get mad for a guy named Jefferson. I get mad for Teddy Roosevelt, ect. When these lying, cheating, tricking, sanctimonious, beguiling, deceiving, treacherous, rotten slobs, these sick, twisted Red lunatics who are working to overthrow their own country, continue to lie and hate and cheat, I get mad for a guy named Eisenhower.

I've gotten so mad that I said to myself the best thing that I could possibly do for this country, before I die, is exterminate some of this fifth column filth.

So I look around and think just where does this traitorous preoccupation lie. Just where is it? Then I see these phony, Communistic organizations which want a ban on the E-bomb as well as nuclear testing and we find the heart of the pseudo-Red activities in this country.

But just who is behind it? Who are the biggest traitors to America? Then, out of the clear blue sky, I find a lying, rotten Communist traitor in Steve Allen, who is as much a deceit, fraud and hypocrite than Khrushchev himself.

That is why I write to you, Mr. Communist Allen, that is why. Call it a joke if you wish. Call it a crank if you wish. But let me tell you this: I have nothing to lose by taking my revolver, going down to your home, or, better yet, to your office in Sherman Oaks, and, on the whim, firing two or three bullets into the head of the biggest liar, cheat, humbug and Communist in this country. I have nothing to lose.

To repeat, you are probably thinking that this is just a crank. It isn't. This is a person is has only a few weeks to live and is determined to get rid of a treasonable menace: Steve Communist Allen.

This is NOT a request, but a DEMAND that you abolish your Commie activities within the next FOUR DAYS. Repeat: FOUR DAYS. If you do not, you are going to be dead within the next three weeks. Go ahead, laugh, but wait and see if this is something to "laugh" about.

You're a Communist horse and YOU ARE NOT KIDDING ANYBODY.
Four days, my dear Steve Communist Allen. Four days.