Philosophy:

My belief is that if I say something, it goes. I am the law, if you don't like it, you die. If I don't like you or I don't like what you want me to do, you die. If I do something incorrect, of fucking well, you die. Dead people cant do many things, like argue, whine, bitch, complain, narc, rat out, criticize, or even fucking talk. So thats the only way to solve arguments with all you fuckheads out there, I just kill! God I cant wait till I can kill you people. Ill just go to some downtown area in some big ass city and blow up and shoot everything I can. Feel no remorse, no sense of shame. Ich sa ge FICKT DU! I will rig up explosives all over a town and detonate each one of them at will after I mow down a whole fucking area full of you snotty ass rich mother fucking high strung godlike attitude having worthless pieces of shit whores. i don't care if I live or die in the shootout, all I wat to do is kill and injure as many of you pricks as I can, especially a few people. Like brooks brown.

America:

Love it or leave it mother fuckers. All you racist (and if you think im a hypocrite, come here so I can kill you) mother fucking assholes in America who burn our flags and disgrace my land, GET OUT! And to you assholes in iraq and iran and all those other little piece of shit desert lands who hate us, shut up and die! We will kick your ass if you try to fuck with us or atleast I will! I may not like or government or the people running it or things like that, but the physical land and location I DO fucking love! So love it or leave it!

Society:

I live in denver, and god damnit I would love to kill almost all of its residents. Fucking people with their rich snobby attitude thinkin they are all high and mighty and can just come up and tell me what to do and then people I see in the streets lying their fucking asses off about themselves. And then there is all you fitness fuckheads saying shit like "yeah do 50 situps and 25 pushups each morning and run a mile every day and go to the gym and work out and just push yourself to be better and you can achieve anything and set high goals and have great expectations and be happy and be kind and treat everyone equal and give to charity and help the poor and stop violence and dive safely and don't pollute and don't litter and take shorter showers and don't waste water and eat right food and don't smoke or drink and don't sell guns and don't be a bad person"........phew. I say "fuck you.....shutup.....and die..." And then pull the trigger of a D8#3 that is in your fucking mouth. All you fucking people with your set standards and shit, like you have to go to college and be smart and shit, and you have to have a job and pay taxes, blah blah fucking blah, shutup and DIE! I really don't give a good god damn about what you think is "right" and what is "wrong" and what is acceptable and what isnt nice, I just don't fucking CARE! SHUTUP AND DIE!!!!!!