At 12 midnight december 31, 1975, we exploded two bombs at Safeway’s main office for the Seattle area in Belleveu, ca. Simultaneously, in support of the City Light workers and their long and courageous strike, we bombed the main transformer supplying power to the very rich Laurelhurst Neighborhood.
CITY LIGHT. LAUREHURST.
We of the George Jackson Brigade are not City Light workers, but we do live and work in Seattle and City Light is our enemy too. For the past two years we have watched City Light workers stand up and fight for their rights. This has been in the face of a massive campaign by the ruling class to force poor and working people to shoulder the burden of this economic crisis. So we have chosen to bring in the New Year with respect and solidarity for the brave example the City Light workers have set by sabotaging the power source for Laurelhurst.
We urge the City Light workers to rely on the people; to tap, expand and direct the widespread support you have as a means to win your strike to further the complex process of revolution and liberation for all oppressed people. And we urge all workers, poor, oppressed and progressive people in Seattle openly and materially demonstrate their support for City Light workers.
SAFEWAY OFFICES AND DEPOT, BELLEVUE.
Safeway is one of the largest corporations in the world. It is the world’s largest food chain and a powerful agribusiness and imperialist. Safeway has effectively monopolised all facets of the food processing, distribution, and retailing industry on the west coast. As a large international landowner, it is the recipient of large federal subsidies and has actively forced the small farmer from his land and livelihood. As a large grower, Safeway has consistently and violently oppressed the farmworkers and fought their struggle for a union. Safeway makes its superprofits by charging poor and working people outrageously inflated prices for nutritionally deficient and chemically poisoned food.
So it is not surprising that Safeway has been the target of massive resistance by the people including pickets, boycotts, educationals, demonstrations and anti-trust suits. And it is not surprising that Safeway has been the target of bombings and armed actions up and down the west coast throughout 1975.
Early this summer, at the 15th and John Safeway in Seattle a XXX unclothes mercenary shot an “alledged” shoplifter. In September our comrade Po in an independent action, died while arming a bomb behind that sore. A few days later, and only a few hours after the capture of the SLA, we exploded a bomb inside that store in an attempt to complete the job Po began. Safeway disregarded our warning, and people inside the store shopping were injured.
This action was wrong because we brought violence and terror to a poor neighbourhood; a neighbourhood already racked with the violence of hunger and the terror of the police.
We have tried to make this New Year’s attack a reflection of the lessons we learned this past year. We are not terrorists. Safeway and City Light are our own class enemies and the class enemies of all who have felt hunger in their bellies or who have been cold in the winter because they couldn’t pay their electric bill. We have no qualms about bringing discriminate violence to the rich. 
