Dear Sir,
We know things have been swept under the carpet for a very long time. There are many in the force who want to speak out against the B.N.P. and the National Front and about the way they were contracted to kill Princess Diana.
It is disgraceful that top officials have soiled their hands by plotting with the National Front to kill Princess Diana and Dodi. It was downright murder. We do know that it was by a radio controlled device that their car (which was previously ‘jimmied’) was put into a state of uncontrol and that the driver was not under the influence of drink as was first reported by the press. It was absolutely wicked that Diana was looked upon like a dog as she laid there in the car begging for help. We all know that she was forced to stay on her back and not be put into a recovery position even after part of the car’s roof was cut away for all that period of time. We know that Dodi was still alive too at the scene of the crash. The motor bike riders who caused the car to speed out of control, just as the car entered the underpass, sped away above without any fear of being chased by the police. It was well organised.
You are going to see a backlash in this country, because not everyone here feels oblidged to remain silent. The truth will eventually come out. We loved Princess Diana. She is the Queen of our hearts and it is sick to see how she had been murdered in this cruel and vicious way whilst everyone just turns a blind eye. She was a innocent girl who just tried to do her best in a world governed by old cruel farts.
Two policemen saw the killing of Stephen Lawrence but were told by their superiors to say nothing. Those white lads did do it. They are also well known for their connections with people who are members of Combat 18.
Sir, the whole system stinks. Sometimes I am ashamed to be white by the things others are allowed to say and do. Why  did many stand by and allow Diana to be killed? Surely, this cannot be right? Many in this force are gutted by the things we have come to know and are told to keep quiet about. Sir, it is time to bring these shameful things out into the open. Please, don’t let our country go down the pan just to protect the interests of a few bad-minded people. Please do something right and bring the truth out into the open. You are our leader. Please call for a national investigation. It is not right for the truth to be buried in this way. Please don’t let her die in vain. She stood for something good and honest in this world. Please do something. If not for us, then for the next generation. They do deserve better. 
