donovan: so you want HHH for president? Time you get out of office if that is the type of person you want. Maybe he has done some favor for you too at taxpayers expense? Do you approve of humphrey assisting his friends to obtain a $13 million contract in Two Harbors, Minn.? Contract for production of three wheeled "mailster" trucks for the P.O. Dept. The company produced 4,224 of the 12,714 mailsters called for in the contract, with Fiberglass (Universal). HHH asked GSA for deadline so Universal had time to bid, etc. Boutin and Blatnik and Sieben also are connected with this fraud. This will be good campaign issue against your friend humphrey for the Republicans, that is for sure.

Also do you approve of the Napeo Case Industries, Inc. Hopkins, Minn. where a $2.7 million fraud deal to India, HHH praising Rappaport and approving of the loan from AID. HHH writing several letters regarding this deal sounds mighty fraud and about time the whole deal also Fiberglass be investigated more thoroughly to expose your friend humphrey. Do doubt in time it will be.
Also what about the Belgian firm. Appears this AID officials need investigation. As to the Humphrey's fun trip to Africa that is an absolutely disgusting issue to taxpayers. Cost to the U.S. over 2 million dollars for HHH to take his wife, his son in law (who sits in Midwest Bank, also the president of that bank, Credwood, and a newspaper man so he, HHH, figured get publicity for himself, Just what did he accomplished, To tell the people there U.S. will give them aid, yet this trip cost us more than money we have give to Africa. Why was this trip allowed for HHH to enjoy a nice expensive vacation for him and his associates?? Mrs. HHHH rec'd nice gifts for what???

Also much criticism about humphrey not serving one day in War #2, deferred why yes we know why? Now his three husky sons and son in law do not have to serve one day either. Staying home enjoying best of luxury. They are not any more valuable than our poor sons whom are obligated to go to war and even in combat. No wonder HHH agrees we must send cur boys to Viet Nam. Why don't his kids go?

What caused all these riots? Was HHH justified in making a speech in New Orleans (yes to negroes) that he'd riot too if he had to live like they do??? He is so too faced, double talk, most disgusting politician ever in U.S.

What do you think of any person whom states: the war is won by men wearing sport shirts and carrying tool not by men wearing uniforms and carrying rifles. Yes that was humphrey's speech in St. Louis Mo. to recruit civilians for Agency for International Development. How come HHH is so much for AID. not hard to tell why. Several reasons. What do you think our poor boys in combat, wearing uniforms carrying rifles think of this speech, also all the XXX of these boys and all the Gold Star parents, this war and all former wars. This speech will be sent over many places IF your friend, humphrey, is nominated for president.

Our boys, like boys in other wars, whom are or have been in front lines will naturally be provoked at this stupid speech made by HHH.

Humphrey talks entirely too much, even our president Mr. Johnson has had plenty of reason to try to shut him up. Many people call him gabby, even employees of Civil service. He is too much double talk and if he thinks people are so stupid as to bellef all he says you have another guess coming.

As to Hon. McCarthy, there is no mention of fraud on his name, no double talk, he is a man of fine appearance, well respected and May God help him to be our next president. Of course republicans naturally hope HHH nominated as there is so much bad issue to bring out about him he will be easily defeated. Of course he HHH has made so many friends by assisting them to obtain big contracts and don't think we realize HHH got kick backs. He is now a millionaire, so it is stated, and he was just a very poor old druggist in S. D. before he entered politics. Why should we taxpayers pay for this man HHH to have guards around his beautiful home in Waverly, he cost us more XXX flying than any official ever before. Why? Why should we pay $1,000 for him to send a 2 million dollar plane after his tuxedo for him to speach. He should have just as well spoke in his underwear, so people are saying. He is Famous for his Lies, that is for sure. Remember when wearing that HHH pin you are showing your ways of life. Fraud there is every reason to believe the Time is Near and you and HHH can XXX your money with you and God will punish everybody whom has done fraud, sin ,crime and dishonesty. Poverty is not sin but unjust way of earning money IS.

Cut with big mouth humphrey and his friends.

Hurrah for Honest, truthful, Christian Hon. Sen. Mr. McCarthy, whom has no fraud dealings on his name. May He, Mr. McCarthy, win by a large majority. But God help him if he becomes our next president to ever get into such a mess as is left by our present administration, Billions and billions of dollars in the RFD and so much fraud to be investigated and our country in the worse turmoil of all history. Chances are we are headed for a civil war in the near future. Than these men, whom have done so much fraud and sin to obtain wealth will be put in the place where they belong, and chances are maybe their money will be of no good.

20,000 our best boys killed 9000 miles from home. This war has been too much black market, too much unfairness, too much money made by people with a pull to you know who, guns not all in right condition sent for our poor sons to use while HHH and others wasting taxpayers money. There is nothing in Viet Nam same as Korea worth fighting for. Agree with McCarthy and also Mr. Kennedy regarding this war. Send humphrey and his three sons over there to fight if he thinks this war so necessary. Disgrace, terrible and sickening.
