You have strange stories in your magazine. What you don't know is that I could have given you one more strange than any you have ever printed if I could have had the chance before it was too late.

When you get this letter I will be a Killer. I have to do this before I ever see light again.This is God's law(Or America is the mostBloody and Brutal nation the world has ever known) for this is the only language America Blows its people -with the excepti on of its few Nazis who rule the government.

About the Letters I have written you they were only a way to get your attention .I had hoped that there was some way to let someone know about a Death caused by UFO's .I had no way to do thi in America because they are too Stupid to believe anybody unless they have a Gun in their holster,or a Military Uniform on and show their Authority,or Prestige in other ways and I have neither.

I am perhaps the only person that observed a death caused by radiation,and know all the time what it was,and be forbidden to help(Except to give all I had for medical attention which they never treated him for the right thing) Only after his death did they find out that something was wrong. Since then Over two years ago I have never been able to get a letter to anybody that understands,or the Post Office keeps them.I have written Hundreds,and perhaps a thousand or more yet never hear from any of them.I get answers from other letters,but when I try to get this message through I never hear from them. I am not writing you to answer this letter,I don't want it answered.I would never get it anyway,and I don't want to ge get any message through now,I will do what I have been condemned to do by the silencers.I will kill his Family. Why they want this done you probably can guess. If you think anybody will sto p me you are crazy.They have the power to get what they want.They can even put a gun in your hand like they did Sirhans,who the people think killed Sen.Robert Kennedy. Actually he was innocent.I know it so does Sen.Ted.Kennedy.

Maybe this is the way things have to be,When someone in the community dies somebody has to die as a scapegoat(Especially in a country like the U.S.A. Where they think everybody is responsible for his own behavour.(All Americans of authority think a mouse has the same responsibility as a Cat.They can't see the cat as having power to kill a mouse) And Being a Religious Nation they have to make somebody pay when a crime has been done so they pick out a scapegoat to punish,to drive out of the city gates. This is how J.Hoover is so accurate in his LONERS and his REPEATERS. He makes the Laws of America and the people he condemns -with the help of the press-makes it impossible for one to ever change once he has fell into his Gullet.All he can do is be Digested.and Die Innocent.

Something Else. Senator Gore.is the next person on the Assassination list.I knew about all these I know where several graves are of people murdered but are hidden behind the City Politicians.These are people that get in the way of the Nazi Underground and the KKK (Which also rules in Chicago) . If you think all this doesn't ap pl to UFO's you are wrong This is how they get by . The UFO's Aren't from any other planet.They are American and being used to eliminate everyone except a few Racists and Superpatriotics.
