We American Women + Men as real good Citizens, read your articles in Cinc. Enquirer and are also listening to your commentars and broadcast over WLW Radio Station. We express our opinion that you are the louziest, rottenest bastard and Son of Beech, referring to your articles, in the Cinc. Enquirer and your Radio announcing such a misleading and misrepresenting the American Public about European Affairs + facts.



Walter Winchell you are nothing but a rotten Jewish influenced paid liar, you stink - we have your name on our list with the rest of that louzy Jewish bunch. We watch your steps, we get some these days. You talk about Dictatorships of Europe. Mussolini and Adolf Hitler especially has more in his hass than you Jewish influence parasites, paid by Warprofiteers, have in your head. Get this straight in your head. What's the idea of talking about Germany and Hilter and critising all the time. Our country here in America needs a good cleaning up of Jewish Parasites to get prewar conditions back, we don't want no Warprofiters, and bloodsuckers here in our country of America, you better keep your nose out of European affairs, Hitler is the greatest man ever lived and built up a way down run Germany as it was, Hitler put Germany on the map again.



















The people of every Christan Nation are held responsible for the deeds of their leaders - look at Mussolini - Adolf Hitle. - Now Roosevelt has for advisers 19 Jews one protestant, and only one Catholic. "That's enough" everything Jewish controlled Jews are guilty of a thousand frauds ands tricks by their usury they devoured the wealth of the people. Our Clubs + Meetings are well organized all over the U.S.A. Walter Winchell get this straight into your head, sure as you get a bullet in your head we fix you all you Jewish bastards, rabbis and those no accounts. We stop you too. Don't forget that. The ability of the American Masses to XXX that may determine whether we are to countinue our National life of America. Catholicism our immemorial enemy, is lying in the dust, mortally wounded in the xxx the xxx, which Jewry is threatening to-day over the globe of the earth is widening + spreading dayly. What have we American women+men to be afraid of?? The day is distant when all ....... ! The present world unrest is due to the Jewish World Government that rules by the terrible power of the purse, which is held by the international Jewish bankers. xxx xxx, xxx, xxx xxx. The Jew's are living only from the Gentiles. "Baruch" another jewish parasiter. 73 percent of the war millionaires of New York are Jews". Boston Daily Globe June 20 - 1933. Kuhn xxx Felix + Max Warburg, Jacob Schiff Paul Warburg


























xxxxxxxxxx going to xxx America xxx, we ask you one question? What louzy Jew bunch of parasite that we have here in America? Who are only taking advantage of the American people? they are building up this country like Hell and how that Jewish bunch din't want to do: hard labor. Mussolini runs 56000 no account Jews out of Italy and the most of them are coming to America that'll be fine. The Jewish generals: Frakfurter, Morgenthat, Dukstein xxx etc. you know exactly who we all mean. This country America needs a real good cleaning up, you better talk about these matters and facts of America and stick to the constitution of this country. We American Citizens stick to good Americanism and not to parasiting Jewism, everything is Jewish Influenced even the American Radio System, is this called free speech and liberty? Whoever controls the money of a nation, controls that nation. Morgenthan preside Garfuld. Henry Ford's Solution, says: Corral the fifty wealthiest Jews and there will be no more wars, and to suppress wars suppress the Jews. Walter Winchell we American want you to talk on these subjects of American facts and affairs. By expulsion: The Jews were expelled from England in 1290 by King Edward I because they ate the English nation to the bones as to day is - America - Edward I caused 280 Jews in London to be "hanged for having corrupted the English coin. Jews were driver out of France four times. In Spain 1492 - Queen Esabella run the Jews out of her country + permitted to carry no gold or Silver with them. 800 000 Jews were banished by the fatal edict - Jews and their persecutors by Lawrence books.

















xxxxxxxxxx in your next articles in the Enquirer start on those names of Jews and their activities in the United States, those robbers and bloodsuckers of the American people. Open the eyes of American Citizens and don't have them blind-folded with your Jewish Influences and misleading the American public. Referring to your machine-gun rattling "xxx" you ought to go over to Europe and look in France and Germany England, and Italy so you get a different opinion + impression of Germany by Hitler + Mussolini. You may learn something like that communistic "Benesh" those days are coming to our country also, it won't be long now you watch and see if we are not right? Just keep on like this, you got everything down fine and so have we American Women and men of our organisation, you get a surprise some of these days, don't forget that, get this straigth in your head, we mean business - sure as hell". Our minds are clear and not rotten as yours is. We are striving for clean sound conditions of the American Nation and not for corruption.



We American Women and Men for good conditions and sound minds.



To hell with all the Jewish Inflences = controlls of America.

 

 
