Dear Mr. Allen:

I simple cannot express in words my disgust and nausea for the constant, vicious, treasonable deportment that you're demonstrating day after day. Your insulting arrogance of attempting to decide what is best for one hundred and eighty million people by working for the communist cause (with many other communists), trying to slowly, but gradually, overthrow this nation with your communistic Hollywood for SANE, is indeed enough to make one feel like taking drastic action against this criminal conspiracy, this filthy fifth column.

Who do you think you are? Where do you think you get the right of trying to destroy this country? If the United States falls to Russia, the rest of the world will fall. In other words, what you're doing now with your communist activities, such as the SANE (insane) group as well as the campaign against capital punishment, ect., is that you're deciding for the entire world, the entire human race, just how they should live -- under a communist tyranny after the U.S. is destroyed by the Soviets.

Oh, yes, you and the rest of the filthy, communist traitors are so, so clever. You each have different subversive activities. Dore Schary has his campaign against the House Committee on Un-American Activities (wouldn't you like to see this abolished, eh?); Robert Ryan is attempting to get certain people elected into Congress as well as his wicked actions with the SANE group, ect.; ANONYMISED likewise; ANONYMISED hires dozens of commies and produces anti-American movies; ANONYMISED gets on the Negro problem in the South (Khrushchev has got on that too!; ANONYMISED hires commies; Otto Preminger and ANONYMISED likewise; ANONYMISED works for SANE; ANONYMISED gives you publicity; Dr. Linus Pauling does a little of each; Rod Serling goes against blacklists, ect. and ect. and ect., it is all a treacherous, rotten, evil criminal conspiracy which is working to overthrow this nation.

You, dear Steve, are the worst of the lot. You are a liar, a cheat, a hypocrite, and an American traitor. If you adore communism so, so much, if you honestly feel that the communist way of life is the best way of life (which you obviously do), why don't you take your family and go to the land of Khrushchev, the Soviet Union, and live there? Isn't is odd? You are willing to become the biggest communist traitor in this country, you are willing to work against this nation for the communist cause to help Russia, yet, you wouldn't even think of going to Russia and living there.

There's no question that you're a perfect example of a communist. You lie and lie and you consider it as telling the truth. You cheat and believe that it's honesty. You work for the overthrow of this country, and you probably consider it as loyalty. You have committed the most treacherous, deceitful and vicious acts of treason and you consider yourself a patriot to this nation. Yes, indeed, you're a perfect example of a sadistic communist traitor.

Who do you or ANONYMISED or ANONYMISED or ANONYMISED or ANONYMISED or ANONYMISED or ANONYMISED or any of the other lying, cheating, sanctimonious, vulgar commies think you are? You're only fooling a small handful of people with your communist activities and Red front, the Hollywood for SANE. You're not superior to anybody else. You have no, and I mean no right to decide for anybody else how the world should be.

I've talked to several people myself about your activities, and nearly all of them not only become sick to their stomach when they think of you and ANONYMISED and your fellow traveler friends, but they actually become frightened when they think of such sinister, evil commie rats like yourself running around loose, spewing your left-wingism, committing acts of outright treason. And, if you don't think that you're an iniquitous, evil traitor to America, you'd better look into the mirror. Because, when you do, you'll be looking at a vicious, mentally sick, horrid, filthy communist turncoats who gets thrills out of being a traitor to this nation.

Here's sincere hopoing that you either die of a heart attack, or some fatal disease, or that you get killed in a car crash or meet with some tragedy. And devil take the hindmost.

Respectfully

ANONYMISED