Mr. Steve Allen:

One simply cannot express one's disgust over the type of ungratefulness that such hard-core communist fellow travelers like yourself are displaying. You've earned thousands of dollars under the American way of life, live in luxury (when you choose to), and then commit violent acts of outright treason with your phony communist front, the Hollywood for Sane.

And, let me assure you, the kind of subversive activities that you're involved in is the worst type of treason. But then, I suppose, under the communist philosophy, you probably feel that what you're doing against this country with all of your activities, is "patriotism." At least, that is the way such diseased thinking works --- insanity.

HOW CAN YOU VALUE THE AMERICAN DOLLAR SO MUCH, YET HAVE SO LITTLE VALUE IN AMERICA?

Why don't you just come right out and say that you're a communist, and that you actually believe in the communist cause, rather than telling lie after lie after lie, vomiting communist propaganda over the airwaves?

You, Mr. Allen, would be known as a mammoth coward. You are the worst type of human life. You lie, to help the communist conspiracy in overthrowing this nation, you cheat, to help the same cause, you disgorge the most amazing amount of hypocrisy and trickery, ect., yet you haven't got the gumption to candidly admit your real purpose or to lay your cards on the table and make your position clear and to show your real political colors.

I see now that you've continued your filthy hate campaign (in insidious propaganda tactics and subterfuge) over an FM radio station (KRHM), in which you spew Hollywood for Sane propaganda.

Why don't you stop acting like a colossal coward and lay your cards on the table, and stop demonstrating such vicious, sinister acts behind everyone's back? Why don't you admit that you're nothing but a treacherous, morbid anti-American communist traitor?

Oh, yes, that's right, in dealing with a communist bastard like yourself, there's simply no sense of reasoning. It is impossible to possibly talk logic with a monger like you, Mr. Allen, because you live in an entirely different world than I. You simply do not know the meaning in the word "truth." Your meaning of the word "truth" is "lie."

Never in my life have I been as outraged as I am over such rotten, tempestuous treason that you have been displaying. Never in my life have I seen such a bitter, vicious anti-American as yourself, where you have the effrontery to state that you "love" America, and then work in some of the most ruthless communist treason that one could possibly conceive.

There is no question that you, Mr. Allen, are a monolithic bastard. There is little doubt that you are a liar, a cheat, a coward, a hypocrite, a fraud, a propagandist, a traitor, and, most of all, a devoted communist, who, apparently, has made up his mind to work to the very end in a fight against the country and the public which has given him thousands of dollars.

I strongly suggest, Mr. Allen, that you go and see, at once, a psychiatrist. Anyone who lies as much as you, who deceives as much as you, who attempts to work for the overthrow of this own birth place as much as you, and who uses as much sanctimonious double-talk as much as you, must, and I mean must, be a mentally sick person. I don't say this to downgrade you. You are a rotten communist bastard, but, not to your fault, you are a mentally sick man in need of a doctor's care. If you feel that this is "silly" then I suggest that you look into the mirror one of these days and see just how you twist one side of your mouth around one side of your lip just like a lunatic commie bastard.

YOUR A FILTHY LIAR, STEVE ALLEN, AND YOU'RE SUCH A HYPOCRITICAL COWARD THAT YOU WON'T EVEN ADMIT YOUR REAL BELIEFS IN COMMUNISM.

You're just a latter day Alger Hiss. In fact, even Hiss finally admitted that he was a communist. But you, Steve Allen, are such a filthy, sordid, sadistic, lying piece of communist trash, such a piece of communist garbage, that you don't even admit it.

TO REPEAT, I ASK YOU (IF THERE'S ANY SORT OF REASONING LEFT IN YOU), IS THERE ANYBODY WHO'S A BIGGER HUMBUG THAN YOU? YOU ARE A LIAR, A HYPOCRITE, A TRAITOR, A CHEAT, A COWARD, A FRAUD, AND A COMMUNIST. AND DEVIL TAKE THE HINDMOST.

Regards,

ANONYMISED