Dear Mr. Hoover:

I don't pretend to understand the working of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. I've always felt that since we had your agency everything, more or less, was under control. However, I'm now puzzled by something and also have a very thorough feeling of revulsion about another aspect of it. Not so very long ago Walter Winchell in his broadcast gave a tip-off about a trip being made to Havana by the notorious Fischetti brothers, a trip to take drug money to Luciano, and he went so far as to mention the name of third person who would be taking the money - Frank Sinatra! I have just read an article by Lee Mortimer in the August issue of the "American Mercury," which is a partial expose of gansterism in the entertainment world and he has mentioned the above stated facts. What is more, his material for the article was taken from the files of our Treasury Department and there is a photograph showing Sinatra getting off the place, carrying the suitcase purportedly containing that money, and in company of the two Fischettis, and,further, that the T-men were on the scene at the airport. Did not the fact that he was in their company and carrying a suitcase, a large one, (the Sinatra of all people carrying a suitacase of any size!) at least make him suspect enough for attention on the part of your agents? No doubt, there was good reason for his not being apprehended. As I said, I don't understand the methods employed by your agency. Something just recently has happened, too, that makes me wonder. Maybe I'm just becoming suspicious of everything. On his "flight" back from Mexico, forced out by the attentions of the press (one of whom he deliberately drove his car at and jammed on the brakes as he touched the photographer's leg with it and then threatened to kill him the next time) he and Gardner, according to the press, returned to the Los Angeles airport in a B-36 bomber borrowed from one of this friends in Mexico, a Mexican importer and exporter. I know that surplus equipment can be purchased for private and other usage, but why does an importer want a B-36 bomber? He's a Mexican, but in what business? Sinatra is the close friend of Moretti, Adonis, Capone, Costello, and LUCIANO, and now comes to light that he has as a friend a Mexican importer. What goes on? Is the bomber being used for narcotics across the border? Sinatra would certainly know who's-who to whom to deliver. There wasno mentionof a pile either. The papers said he returned in a bomber he borrowed from the Mexican. He knows how to fly, had a private plane, but why would he want to know how to fly a bomber, if he actually did? It's no mean t ask and if he does know he must have had anything but a sound and healthy reason for wanting to know how.

Sinatra to my mind constitutes just asmuch of a criminal as his odious friends not only by association with them and dope addicts but, what is much worse, by his participation in their activities. Of course, he owes his career to them in no uncertain way and also owes his support financially (outside of his career) at times to them. He can't possibly come out and say he's innocent of all this. The press gave an account about a year-and-a-half ago of his visit to Italy when he attended Luciano's parties and read about the delightful inscription (the Mercury article will tell you) he had put in the gold cigarette case he gave Luciano. This Sinatra is quite something, isn't he?! Yet he's walking around free and is permitted to remain on top, where's he definitely anything but an example to youth. Why isn't something done about this undeserving and worthless individual? From where I sit, he should be in jail or at least out of the public life he enjoys so freely. The photographer has filed a complaint against him, but will anything come of it? Not with Sinatra's "friends" behind him! Where were the police at the airport that they did not see him deliberately drive his car at a person and isn't there a cause for arrest when there's an attempt at manslaughter? What goes on anyway? He jammed on the brakes just in time then yelled: "Next time I'll kill you!" I'd hate to see the newsman killed or injured, but it's honestly too bad that Sinatra was able to jam on the brakes in time to prevent something more serious than brushing the man's leg happening. It would have been cause for putting this scurvy character where he rightfully belongs and to think that he's receiving the adulation of the public and the idolatry of the teen-agers when he is the very living symbol of everything the Government, the press, the radio (the very network which produced such an outstanding program on narcotics and the criminals in the field, even interviewing Moretti and having his voice go out over the air,then turns around and gave Sinatra a five-year television contract to begin this October, whether or not they obtain a sponsor for him! Nice public utility - radio! Hypocrisy if I ever met up with it! Maybe it's more than hypocrisy if the truth ever comes out), reputable publications, and everyone else, are exposing to full view and decrying loudly and trying to jail and punish. Why does he go free? The record speaks for itself, the facts can't be denied. He's as much a criminal as they are and the "they" are Moretti, Adonis, Capone, Fischettis, Costello, and ... oh, yes! ... Lucky Luciano!

Please, what goes on !!!!!???????? This is America or am I wrong? He's not even a good citizen or am I wrong again? Facetiously, he's American's top "stinking" star, though the radio says "top singing star." Anyone who will be un-American and stupid enough to support him may do so. They belong in his class!

Disgusted and indignant!