My dear Mr. Hoover:

A hrge aggregationof people are puzzled about something, which has been recently called to the public’s attention through an article in the August edition of the "American Mercury" magazine. This article pertains to gangsters in the night clubs and other media of entertainment and it specifically mentions Frank Sinatra as having aided gangsters and narcotic traders. It also mentions that your T-men were present in Havana when Sinatra made the plane trip with the Fischetti brothers, and that he carried the suitcase supposedly containing the money for Luciano. From the article, the data for which was taken from the Treasury Department records, you will find that Sinatra is the close friend of Moretti, the Fischettis, Capone, Adonis (cousin to Moretti, and Luciano. There is much campaigning on the part or the Government, the press, and the radio, all of whom have been carrying extensive articles and programs in an effort to rid the country of this demoralizing situation, drug addiction, particularly among the youth of the nation. Sinatra is supposedly the symbol of the underprivileged youth of America. That is the saddest mistake ever. He is synonymous with everything undesirable and from which youth should be protected and I hope you will concur that he is not the type of personality to have in the entertainment field and before the youngsters who emulate his pattern and feel it’s perfectly all right to achieve a success that way. People now feel that Sinatra should be forced to withdraw from the amusement world. “Reader’s Digest,”  of September, carries two excellent articles; one on drug addiction among the young and one on Lucky Luciano. The press and other publications and the radio are hammering at this outrageous and scandalous condition existing among the young. Why is Sinatra permitted to continue when he is a friend of these very criminals? What we would like to know right now is why was not Sinatra picked up in Havana when he arrived with the Fischettis? The T-men were on the scene for the express purpose of meeting that plane inasmuch as they had information with regard to the trip. Suppose through lack of evidence your men were not able to arrest Sinatra, but don t you arrest suspects, more particularly in such a serious matter? It is a known fact that entertainers are “used" for such purposes, but when a particular entertainer is a close friend of such criminals and willingy makes such a tripwith two of them for a specific purpose, I fail to see how your men can possibly allow him to go free. There must be something wrong somewhere. Even Walter Winchell gave the tip-off on his program before that trip was made.  Also, how is it that Sinatra has just been given a five-year TV contract with a network who has been doing such a magnificent job in this connection, their “Nation’s Nightmare” series just ended during which they carried Moretti’s voice, Moretti who gave Sinatra his start and maintained him also was instrumental in having the sex charge arrest reduced to seduction and then dismissed, though it had gone to the grand jury. There is something peculiar going on and people would like to know what it’s all about. It’s anything but healthy and Sinatra is anything but un-American when he is aiding criminals.

Justifiably puzzled citizen