Dear sir:

I am psychic and I must write to you about very serious problems.

Frank Sinatra is the main problem.

1. For five years he has been trying to create a World War. 
As soon as Reagan got into office the threat came out

2. When he found difficulties in starting a World War he began trying to divide the Country. East against West. West against East

3. His difficulties in that led to trying to instigate a beach take over

4. He has also tampered with television broadcasting making people more prone to violence.

Halloween has also become more of an adult entertainment time for terrorifying movies and has made it more difficult for children to have a holiday on Halloween. It has interfered with them being able to have fun on Halloween. (now it is too dangerous, as it seems for them)

I expect this to improve (By the way)

Our children should be able to be safe and enjoy their childhoods

Where's this protective leadership?

I hate Frank Sinatra. In the interest of the country and the world he should be put under strict survelance. And also anyone who has association with him and his family.

I have been fighting for my life for years now. Frank Sinatra is responsible.

With the situation he has created there has resulted these problems (these are a few of them)

1. Amtrack accidents

2. Planes crashing

3. Tylenol, through mafia connections though individual XXX

4. Candy around Halloween being tampered with

There also was an attempt at Margaret Thatcher's life. First came the threat, then the bombing at the Hotel where she was staying.

And there was Breshnew's death. And XXX's part which I really feel unconfortable writing about because it involves another Country, but I feel I must stress the seriousness of the problem with the mental degenerate named Frank Sinatra which everyone seems to idolize. He is a maniac.

This insert is from the day after I wrote this letter.

The people responsible for

1. Amtrak accident
2. Planes crashing, and
3. Tylenol 

was

1. ANONYMISED, Henderson, Nevada
2. ANONYMISED, owner of the ANONYMISED Casino
3. ANONYMISED, also part owner in the Casino Jack and John (lovers)
4. Detective ANONYMISED from Henderson, Nevada
4. ANONYMISED daughter-in-law

He also has been responsible for cuts in the budget (on poorer people) Possibly he will go in the end XXX himself.

It is not that I haven't tried to stop this from happening. I have. I have written about my problems to a congressman to the Supreme Court twice and have had no reply. It is not in the same text; but it is imperitive that I write this.

My children are in danger, also. Frank Sinatra senior and jr are trying to affect my sons. He is trying to make my son retarted. He has even seen to it that my father, my sons Grand-Father died on my sons birthday. I really hate to write this because of the amount of pain I feel, but I must. He also is trying to kill my children.

I do not wish to write a book in explaining my life and that's what it worried me But he has used these certain people in the East to divide me from my sons.

These people he is also using to kill people in the East and cause problems.

1. Joseph Buttafuoco (But a few gs) would be a type of association (of Metuchen, N. G.)
2. ANONYMISED who would even kill my brother; who is now her husband ANONYMISED N. G

These phones should be bugged and these people should be put under survellance also

3. ANONYMISED E. R., N. G. owns a bar in ANONYMISED called the ANONMISED

4. ANONYMISED, a janitor of 3 grammar schools in the area.

These 3 on this page have been responsible for terrorizing me themselves plus with their acquaintance and Sinatra XXX them.

Jennie takes pride in having her own mafia. Power is the most important thing to her.

And in a way, my problems are your problems.

Sinatra also has a close association with Burt Reynolds. And through Burt Reynolds he affects

1. Anne Murray
2. Robert Wagner
3. Barbara Mandrel who would kill a lot of people through manipulating accidents because she has had an accident herself

It wouldn't hurt to check out the F. A. group.

A popular thing these days is people becoming murderous.

These stars have used TV to try to kill me.

And also, back to Jenny. She is also being used in a way where it would cause a terrible impression of the East.

He really is (Sinatra) trying to cause the Country to divide.

He is trying to instigate power against power. People against people. Religion against religion.

Jenny is being used as a mafia queen in a way.

And would be used to cause a war between East and West eventually.

Catholic against Mormon
Mormon against Catholic

That is his motivation.

He really is quite a troublemaker. Somewhere I know he will be looking your profit. Somewhere there has to be in his eyes, a profit.

He has been trying to kill my family for almost 9 years, too. And by using Jenny he is succeeding.

3 years ago he made her motive to own my mother’s home. Her part was to kill us off one at a time.

He has been trying to get me to kill myself for years.

Part of it was because of his hatred of people from New Jearse.

Remember he was born in Hoboken and N.Y. is supposed his home. (Where he is from)

I'm sorry but legally it really is that he has taken my rights away. I must kill him and since his family is not stopping him and also the fact that they would kill me for killing him I must kill his family for the self defense of mine

I did not make this up Check it out. You will see that I am 100% right. (On this instance)

And I would like to stay anonymous but it really is impossible to a certain extent. The people responsible have me under survelance. They ruin everything for me as they sure give it a dam good try.

You see, I feel no hesitation in asking you to put them under survellance. They have taken all my privacy and rights from me. (You know I am a citizen also) I am supposed to have the rights other have.

So in my self defense you may have these people. It definitely will be beneficial to the Country.

And in reverse of Mafia killing entire families I would like to teach Frank Sinatra a lesson or two. I want him destroyed.

I have not done anything wrong, either. I am a woman who is concerned about the safety of my family. He has no right to destroy whoever he feels like. And I have given him every chance possible to stop.

There's no chance that you will stop this man without killing him or his family.

And I have gone crazy trying to protect people. I have written anonymous letters.

I have tried to stop this.

Don't you think that you should stop Sinatra from amusing his distorted mind by destroying everything he can? Because that is what he's doing. All that money and power and all that time he has to amuse himself.

I think you give him a bit too much of a XXX.

He has possibly been responsible for the so called Kennedy curse:

John F. Kennedy
Robert Kennedy
David Kennedy who was supposed to defer Ted Kennedy for going for Presidency (or Politics).

He does have jealousies.

He also is supposed to be the "King". So was Elvis Presley.

I really think that he does not like anyone more popular than he is.

And as for him hitting his friends. He's quite a hypocrate.

He has, in the past 2 years been trying to kill Lucille Ball's children also.

He's no good. I don't believe he ever was for this Country. The things he might have done, believe me the people have very deeply payed for.

And when you are in a position as he is you could make the people think you are the greatest thing ever in contrast to what he really is. A maniac.

I do wish to remain anonymous. I would not appear in Court. Somehow I really feel very unconfortable writing that last sentence.

I should feel unconfortable writing this letter but I definitely don't. I must.

I must bury this man.

He is a pervert.
A child killer.
A degenerate.

I hate him

I must also mention that the man in penthouse which exploited the Black Miss America; along with her exploiting herself is possibly trying to get into child pornography.

I would really like to send this letter anonymously. However I must certify it. If I could insure it, I would. I must know that this letter gets to you. (As someone will sign for it)

And with everything that I have written I am concerned. I am very afraid. But it seems that I always am. (Due to certain people)

Now I must end this letter I do hope you plan to do something to stop these things from happening.

I must feel that my children will be safe.

The worst animal in the face of this earth is the animal which would victimize children.

And the next worse is the one who would ignore it.