Dear Mr. Destefano,

This letter is being dictated to and written by our daughter, so that you can compare her printing to that on the 70 infamous Goldman Sachs letters mailed out two weeks ago.

these letters were not the work of criminals or worse.

They were conceived and mailed out by three misguided teenagers, two boys and one girl.

The girl was chosen to print the letters because her printing style was deemed "prettier".

We are now sitting here, six parents and three kids, scared out of our wits, since this idiotic, childish "plot" unfortunately seems to have coincided with the horrendous events in England and Scotland and XXX renewal of fears of similar events in the U.S.

The kids came up with this "plot" because one of their parents had a financial beef with Goldman Sachs and had loudly complained about it at home.

The three kids thought it would be "funny" and "creative" to do the mailing, never imagining it would coincide with real events in the U.K.

They got the newspaper names and addresses from a directory at the library.

One of the kids drives, so they traveled all over the place - Connecticut, Westchester, Long Island - collecting the various "supplies".

They tell us they bought XXX paper from a 99p store, envelopes and staples, and red marker pens from a stationery store.

They wore gloves when handling the letters and additionally used furniture polish to wipe down the envelopes and stamps.

The kids mailed 20 letters in the Bronx and 50 more in Queens.

We are not going to say if any of the three kids involved lives in those borough, because we are too scared - both the parents and the kids.

We are writing these identical letters to a couple of reporters covering the story and the NYPD, because we truly beg you not to pursue this matter further.

All three of these kids are "A" students and going on to college. Please don't ruin their lives over a stupid, childish prank gone wrong.

Thank you very much,

Three frightened kids and six frightened parents